Directory lout/doc/user

This directory contains the Lout source files for the User's
Guide to the Lout Document Formatting System.  A copy of the
final PostScript output file (A4 paper size) is stored at
"ftp://ftp.it.usyd.edu.au/jeff/lout/lout-3.40.user.ps.gz".
To produce the Guide yourself, type the command

    lout -r5 all > user.ps

in this directory.  The -r5 flag causes Lout to run over the
document five times.  This is needed to completely resolve all
cross references, although a readable PostScript file would be
produced after one run if -r was omitted.  Auxiliary files with
.li and .ld suffixes will be created in this directory.

Slight changes (e.g. to Letter paper size) could easily cause
the number of required runs to increase.  I've kept it down
to 5 by rewriting to eliminate cases where the number of pages
consumed by a chapter varies from run to run.

The first run will produce a large number of error messages,
nearly all beginning with "unresolved cross reference".  These
should gradually go away on later runs.  The following shows the
error message output on the fifth run for A4 size printing:

lout:
        : lout -r beginning run 5:
lout file "gra_tick" (from "gra" line 38, from "all" line 46):
   234,1: 23.7c object too high for 23.6c space; @Scale inserted
lout file "gra_summ" (from "gra" line 44, from "all" line 46):
    10,1: 25.7c object too high for 23.6c space; @Scale inserted
lout file "prg_tabs" (from "prg" line 152, from "all" line 48):
   66,23: prg2lout 2,1: program text ended within comment
   68,35: prg2lout 2,1: program text ended within comment

The first two warnings are about large tables that had to be scaled
down slightly to fit on the page.  The last two warnings point to
two places where a C program text ended inside a comment, which in
these cases was deliberate.  If you set the document in Letter size
paper, you will get a somewhat different set of warning messages.

Optimal page breaking has been turned off for this document owing to
failure to converge, caused by footnotes and floating figures close
to large unbreakable displays.

Jeffrey H. Kingston
26 June 2013
